1.) World-changing event outcome will depend on what you click on, but all events involve fire or burning.
    All areas on the map clicked will produce an effect except in the middle of the lake, as nothing can burn there.

2a.) If you click on a miner, he will ignite and the grass around him will be dried up.
2b.) If you click on an open grassy spot (or snowy spot discussed later) the grass (or snow) around the site clicked
     will be dried up and a fire will spawn where you clicked. If there is an open space around where you clicked a
     fire zombie will spawn.

3a.) Since the miner is burnt he will drop all his ores and run as fast as he can to the nearest water source to
     cool off, and then return to his usual task.
3b.) The fire spawned will now act as an obstacle blocking the path of all creatures except fire zombies.

4a.) The new entity, fire zombie, will walk slower than the miners and will chase any type of miner in hopes of
     turning them into a fire zombie.
4b.) There are a couple of pre-existing snowy mountains that act as an obstacle and periodically spawn snowmen.
4c.) Snowmen exist with the sole purpose to turn fire zombies into miners. This purpose drives them to the point of
     giving their life to dowse a fire zombie and turn the zombie into a miner. These newly revived miners are so
     grateful for the snowman’s sacrifice that they complete their tasks of ore retrieval at a faster rate than most
     other miners. The selfless snowman is not forgotten though, as the ground beneath the revival site becomes
     covered with slush.

5a.) Ian Beck- Responsible for mouse click location, background transformation upon click, and fire spawn upon click.
     Also responsible for creating artwork for the snowy mountain, modifying artwork for the burnt miner, and finding
     artwork for the flame. Created and implemented the snowy mountain functionality, as well as brainstorming for the
     functionality of other entities.
5b.) Ethan Mankins- Responsible for creating and implementing the fire, snowman, and fire zombie class and each of
     their functionality. Created and brainstormed functionality of all classes alongside Ian. Also responsible for
     new entity pathing and spawning, except for fire on click and snowy mountain. Created artwork for the snowman
     and helped design artwork for the fire zombie with an outside source.

Code can be found in Ian Becks repository.